Fixed some minor errors in the custom dashboard tutorials (#7040)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 15/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-a-custom-dashboard/README.md

```
{% endcode %}

> 3. In the `vite.config.ts` file update the `entry` to point to our newly created `.ts` file, and also ensure that the `outDir' and 'base' attributes are pointing to the welcome-dashboard folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the `vite.config.ts` file update the `entry` to point to our newly created `.ts` file, and also ensure that the `outDir` and `base` attributes are pointing to the `welcome-dashboard` folder:
```
